docs/devs/code_quality.md, before:

# Code quality
## Style
Helix uses [`black`](https://black.readthedocs.io/en/stable/) to keep the code tidy, and consistent throughout. There is a Github Actions check on all pull requests which checks if the code format conforms to this style.

If you're code doesn't pass the format test, you can use the `black` command on the `helix` directory. `black` should be installed when you run `poetry install`.

```shell
poetry run black helix
```

## Quality
Helix uses `flake8` to check the quality of the code. It checks for unused variables and imports, as well as checking the complexity of functions. It also checks if imports are out of order. `flake8`'s output tells you where and what the problem is.

To check the code quality, run:
```shell
poetry run flake8 helix
```

To fix imports being out of order, use the `isort` command, which is installed when you run `poetry install` - along with `flake8`.

```shell
poetry run isort helix
```

To fix issues with complexity, you can look up the error online. See [here](https://www.flake8rules.com/) for the list of `flake8` rules.

Commit message:

Feature/switch to uv (#53)
* initialise new pyproject.toml with deps

* add dev deps

* isort config in pyproject.toml

* add uv.lock

* add remaining authors

* readme field

* change launch script

* add pytest cov

* move helix into src

* delete poetry.lock

* don't use src build

* update workflows

* don't install dev deps when publishing to pypi

* update dev docs with uv stuff

docs/devs/code_quality.md, after:

# Code quality
## Style
Helix uses [`black`](https://black.readthedocs.io/en/stable/) to keep the code tidy, and consistent throughout. There is a Github Actions check on all pull requests which checks if the code format conforms to this style.

If you're code doesn't pass the format test, you can use the `black` command. `black` should be installed when you run `uv sync --all-groups`.

```shell
uv run black helix tests
```

## Quality
Helix uses `flake8` to check the quality of the code. It checks for unused variables and imports, as well as checking the complexity of functions. It also checks if imports are out of order. `flake8`'s output tells you where and what the problem is.

To check the code quality, run:
```shell
uv run flake8 helix tests
```

To fix imports being out of order, use the `isort` command, which is installed when you run `uv sync --all-groups` - along with `flake8`.

```shell
uv run isort helix tests
```

To fix issues with complexity, you can look up the error online. See [here](https://www.flake8rules.com/) for the list of `flake8` rules.
