docs/users/train_models.md, before:

# Training models
You can train new models in Helix by clicking on **"Train Models"** on the left hand side of the screen.

![train models page](../_static/train-models-page.png)

To begin, select your experiment from the dropdown menu where it says **"Select an experiment"**.

## Selecting models to train
To select which models you wish to train, click the toggles next to the model type you wish to train. When you click a toggle, that model's configurable hyper-parameters will appear underneath that toggle. You may train more than one model at a time.

![select model](../_static/select-model-to-train.png)

Depending on whether your problem type, which was configured on the [New Experiment page](../users/create_experiment.md), the models will either be a **classifier** or a **regressor**.

### Options
**When using automatic hyper-parameter search, you will not be able to set any of these options. They will be determined automatically.**

![Autmatic hyper-parameter search enabled](../_static/ahps-enabled.png)

- **Linear Model**

  If the problem type is "Classification", train a [Logistic Regression](https://scikit-learn.org/1.5/modules/generated/sklearn.linear_model.LogisticRegression.html) model. If the problem type is "Regression", train a [Linear Regression](https://scikit-learn.org/1.5/modules/generated/sklearn.linear_model.LinearRegression.html) model.

  - Fit intercept: if true, the model will calculate the y-intercept to use in the predictions. If not, the data must be centered.

- **Random Forest**

  If the problem type is "Classification", train a [Random Forest Classifier](https://scikit-learn.org/1.5/modules/generated/sklearn.ensemble.RandomForestClassifier.html) model. If the problem type is "Regression", train a [Random Forest Regressor](https://scikit-learn.org/1.5/modules/generated/sklearn.ensemble.RandomForestRegressor.html) model.

  - Number of estimators: The number of decision trees in the forest.
  - Minimum samples split: The minimum number of samples to split an internal node.
  - Minimum samples leaf: The minimum number of samples required to be a leaf node.
  - Maximum depth: The maximum depth of the tree. If disabled or 0, then nodes are expanded until all leaves are pure or until all leaves contain less than 'Minimum samples split'.,

- **XGBoost**

  If the problem type is "Classification", train a [XGB Classifier](https://xgboost.readthedocs.io/en/latest/python/python_api.html#xgboost.XGBClassifier) model. If the problem type is "Regression", train a [XGB Regressor](https://xgboost.readthedocs.io/en/latest/python/python_api.html#xgboost.XGBRegressor) model. The parameters for this model are all optional. To congiure them, check the "Set XGBoost options" box.

  - Number of estimators: The number of boosting rounds.
  - Learning rate: Boosting learning rate.
  - Subsample size: Subsample ratio of the training instance.
  - Maximum depth: The maximum depth of the base learners. If disabled or 0, then nodes are expanded until all leaves are pure.

- **Support Vector Machine**

  If the problem type is "Classification", train a [SVM Classifier](https://scikit-learn.org/1.5/modules/generated/sklearn.svm.SVC.html) model. If the problem type is "Regression", train a [SVM Regressor](https://scikit-learn.org/1.5/modules/generated/sklearn.svm.SVR.html) model.

  - Kernel: The kernel type for the algorithm.
  - Degree: The degree for the polynomial kernel - ignored if not using the polynomial kernel.
  - C: Regularisation parameter.

## Saving the outputs
You have the option to save the models and the plots to disk. Click the toggles to turn on/off.

![save models and plots](../_static/save-models-and-plots.png)

## Train
Once you have configured which models to train, hit the **"Run Training"** button.

Commit message:

Docs/update for release (#102)
* fix grammar

* update images and add missing options

* adjust headers and add dep var explanations

* beautify the page a bit

* grammar spelling and image update

* fix debug thing lol

* data overview stuff

* more grammar and picture edits

* tidy up existing options

* mlrem explanation

* add a little to mlrem explanation

* fix flakle8

* random seed text

docs/users/train_models.md, after:

# Training models
You can train new models in Helix by clicking on **"Train Models"** on the left hand side of the screen.

![train models page](../_static/train-models-page.png)

To begin, select your experiment from the dropdown menu where it says **"Select an experiment"**.

## Configure Machine Learning Models
First, you can select whether you wish to use hyper-parameter search or not. If you use hyper-parameter search, Helix will search a pre-defined selection of hyper-parameters for each model to determine which produce the best performance. This will be based on **accuracy** for classification problems, and **R squared (R^2)** for regression problems. Hyper-parameter search is **active** by default. If you would like to manually set the hyper-parameters for your models, click the toggle to disable it. The hyperparameters will then appear when you select a model to train.

## Selecting models to train
To select which models you wish to train, click the toggles next to the model type you wish to train. When you click a toggle, that model's configurable hyper-parameters will appear underneath that toggle. You may train more than one model at a time.

Depending on whether your problem type, which was configured on the [New Experiment page](../users/create_experiment.md), the models will either be a **classifier** or a **regressor**.

### Options
**When using automatic hyper-parameter search, you will not be able to set any of these options. They will be determined automatically.**

- **Mulitple Linear Regression with Expectation Maximisation**

  Train a Multiple Linear Regression model which uses Expectation Maximisation for feature selection and parameter estimation. **This is only available for regression problems**.

  - Alpha (relgularisation): the regularisation parameter.

  - Maximum Beta: Will test beta values between 0.1 and this value.

  - Weight Threshold: Features with weights below this value will be discarded.

  - Max Iterations: the maximum number of expectation maximisation cycles to be performed during training.

  - Tolerance: When the change predictions between model predictions and true target values falls below this value, training stops.

- **Linear Regression**

  Train a [Linear Regression](https://scikit-learn.org/1.5/modules/generated/sklearn.linear_model.LinearRegression.html) model. **This is only available for regression problems**.

  - Fit intercept: if true, the model will calculate the y-intercept to use in the predictions. If not, the data must be centered.

- **Logistic Regression**

  Train a [Logistic Regression](https://scikit-learn.org/1.5/modules/generated/sklearn.linear_model.LogisticRegression.html) model. **This is only available for classification problems**.
  
  - Fit intercept: if true, the model will calculate the y-intercept to use in the predictions. If not, the data must be centered.

- **Random Forest**

  If the problem type is "Classification", train a [Random Forest Classifier](https://scikit-learn.org/1.5/modules/generated/sklearn.ensemble.RandomForestClassifier.html) model. If the problem type is "Regression", train a [Random Forest Regressor](https://scikit-learn.org/1.5/modules/generated/sklearn.ensemble.RandomForestRegressor.html) model.

  - Number of estimators: The number of decision trees in the forest.
  - Minimum samples split: The minimum number of samples to split an internal node.
  - Minimum samples leaf: The minimum number of samples required to be a leaf node.
  - Maximum depth: The maximum depth of the tree. If disabled or 0, then nodes are expanded until all leaves are pure or until all leaves contain less than 'Minimum samples split'.,

- **XGBoost**

  If the problem type is "Classification", train a [XGB Classifier](https://xgboost.readthedocs.io/en/latest/python/python_api.html#xgboost.XGBClassifier) model. If the problem type is "Regression", train a [XGB Regressor](https://xgboost.readthedocs.io/en/latest/python/python_api.html#xgboost.XGBRegressor) model. The parameters for this model are all optional. To congiure them, check the "Set XGBoost options" box.

  - Number of estimators: The number of boosting rounds.
  - Learning rate: Boosting learning rate.
  - Subsample size: Subsample ratio of the training instance.
  - Maximum depth: The maximum depth of the base learners. If disabled or 0, then nodes are expanded until all leaves are pure.

- **Support Vector Machine**

  If the problem type is "Classification", train a [SVM Classifier](https://scikit-learn.org/1.5/modules/generated/sklearn.svm.SVC.html) model. If the problem type is "Regression", train a [SVM Regressor](https://scikit-learn.org/1.5/modules/generated/sklearn.svm.SVR.html) model.

  - Kernel: The kernel type for the algorithm.
  - Degree: The degree for the polynomial kernel - ignored if not using the polynomial kernel.
  - C: Regularisation parameter.

## Saving the outputs
You have the option to save the models and the plots to disk. Click the toggles to turn on/off.

![save models and plots](../_static/save-models-and-plots.png)

## Train
Once you have configured which models to train, hit the **"Run Training"** button.
